[RFC] Add _shard_num virtual column for the Distributed engine (#7624)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/table_engines/distributed.md

When the max_parallel_replicas option is enabled, query processing is parallelized across all replicas within a single shard. For more information, see the section [max_parallel_replicas](../settings/settings.md#settings-max_parallel_replicas).

## Virtual Columns

- `_shard_num` — Contains the `shard_num` (from `system.clusters`). Type: [UInt32](../../data_types/int_uint.md).

!!! note "Note"

>     Since [`remote`](../../query_language/table_functions/remote.md)/`cluster` creates the same Distributed engine internaly, `_shard_num` is available there too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Since [`remote`](../../query_language/table_functions/remote.md)/`cluster` table functions internally create temporary instance of the same Distributed engine, `_shard_num` is available there too.
```

Author: Thanks, will apply this manually
